Website text
about
I am a graduate student of information studies at the University of California, Los Angeles. My studies focus on archives, museums, and special collections, and how digital technology is used in these spaces. I like to draw in my free time and sometimes I'll make silly little sketches for this site. I'm also active on r/whatsthisbug and always want to know something new about the insects and arthropods around us.



Accessibility statement
I believe information on the Web should be accessible to people using assistive devices and settings, as well as those facing other physical or technological barriers to internet use. This website was designed with these accessibility features in mind. This accessibility statement is generated to show how this site complies and falls short of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1. It was generated using their free accessibility statement generator and with the Bureau of Internet Accessibility's free website analysis tool.

conformance statement
The Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) defines requirements for designers and developers to improve accessibility for people with disabilities. It defines three levels of conformance: Level A, Level AA, and Level AAA. My personal website is partially conformant with WCAG 2.1 level AA. Partially conformant means that some parts of the content do not fully conform to the accessibility standard.


technical specifications
Accessibility of my website relies on HTML and CSS to work with the particular combination of web browser and any assistive technologies or plugins installed on your computer. I have used Bulma.io CSS stylesheets to design this site.

limitations (needs links)
No users with disabilities were consulted when designing this webpage. There may be issues with text markers or issues interfacing with some assistive technologies. I encourage feedback to be submitted through my GitHub page addressing these issues, or by emailing me directly.

other information
The elements of my MLIS portfolio are also available as a printable PDF. This entire site is available on GitHub, and can be replicated and modified by anyone. It is a good base that can be customized further using the Bulma.io framework.